Shen Lang, your ability to drink this wine is also not good, why only drink two glasses and pour it?
Drink first, I'll go out for a while.
No, me.
I seem to be stuck in a loop
Master, you said your deputy director is so beautiful.
You're still hungry.
You know what?
Home flowers don't smell like wildflowers, home flowers don't smell like wildflowers.
Happy birthday to me.
Happy birthday to General Director Shen.
Magistrate, what's wrong with you?
Why are you panicking?
I don't know.
I just feel like I've been through all of this.
Did you drink too much?
Go with your sister and she will give you a special gift.
Talk.
Excuse me.
General Director Shen, am I pretty?
Do you like me?
I know I don't deserve you, but I don't want to lie to myself.
I never thought about winning any trophies from you.
I just want to tell you my true feelings.
I like silence.
I didn't mean that.
Now someone wants to kill us, and I won't explain it to you in a moment.
A man in a clown mask killed me twice.
You believe me.
Now let's get out of here.
Ah.
You want to kill me, right?
Are you sick?